[WIP] OSDOCS:2475 Adds new assembly for the dynamic plugin TP (#41260)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/build-image-docker.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * web_console/dynamic-plug-ins.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="build-image-with-docker_{context}"]
= Build an image with Docker

> In order to deploy your plug-in on a cluster, you need to build an image and push it to an image registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy your plug-in on a cluster, you need to build an image and push it to an image registry.
```

> In order to deploy your plug-in on a cluster, you need to build an image and push it to an image directory.

Reviewer 2: do you mean `image registry` rather than `image directory`?

.Procedure

. Build the image with the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ docker build -t quay.io/my-repositroy/my-plugin:latest.

Reviewer 2: a space is needed between `latest` and dot `.`

> $ docker build -t quay.io/my-repositroy/my-plugin:latest

Reviewer 2: we missed a dot `.` at the end

----

> . Optional: If you would like to test your image, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optional: If you want to test your image, run the following command:
```
